hey this is John Conlee again with
Conley's accessories USA just thought
I'd take the opportunity and bring out
to you guys our new latch kit that
Conley's is designed if you notice comes
in a nice box and inside this box you've
got a bunch of little parts which for
those of you guys that are having a hard
time purchasing saddlebags and think of
that extremely high cost we'll check it
out
at Connolly's you can get a set of bags
and latches had a real reasonable price
just to give you an idea here our latch
kits come with two tethers two sets of
rubber molding along with the nice
carrying case so nothing gets damaged in
shipment comes with the two little rods
I've got to go inside the rubber I mean
inside the chatters along with our
latches now we're gonna skip the latch
here a minute we're gonna show you that
Connolly's latch kit comes with the four
latch holder or lid holders in the back
also comes with four rubbers to go
underneath the saddlebag to prevent the
bag from vibrating comes with four three
and four protective covers on the
backside of the lids so you don't
scratch your nice paint job on your bike
comes with four rubber grommets and also
comes with all the necessary nuts and
bolts and screws that it would take to
install this latch kit now we're gonna
go to the latch check this out Wow we've
got a solid chrome latch cover comes in
three different options solid chrome
solid black no reflector no reflector in
the chrome and also a contrast cut black
backside of the latch as you notice has
two positions to install your lock the
center hole could be knocked out pretty
easy and you can order it of course with
the center latch on the part that
attaches to the lid comes with all the
necessary screws and the backside
mounting plate
as well as the inside of the latch has
the opening and positioning for the two
different locks already built into the
latch and we're gonna show you the
spring here how it snaps back that
spring snaps back to hold your bag and
lid together so when you're going down
the road your lids not vibrating like
the standard latch kits out there dudu
we're gonna take and move forward to
show you a bag that we've already put
together and I'm gonna take the bag off
the rack here I'll show you the backside
there it is the back has all the nuts
the bolts the screws and the lid latches
inside has the rubbers sorry in the
bottom this is a 4-inch stretched bag
for those you were wondering comes with
each other the mounting screws and the
rubber now what we're gonna do show you
how this bag and latch kit works
pop the lid down lift it up into
position and here that we're gonna do
that again
that bag latches and doesn't pop open
now if you'd like to take this
opportunity and purchase this last kit
or find out more info on it go below
follow the link or click the link and
follow the instructions from there once
again Connolly accessories usa.com